The Joe Rogan experience.
I mean, I think that is kind of a root of anxiety is like modern life,
like things trigger, fight, or flight that shouldn't necessarily, you know,
it's like stress at work and your boss or whatever.
And it like triggers that same thing. Yes. But, um, yeah, it is true that,
that in my life,
at least the things that trigger fight or flight are like legitimate life or
death sorts of situations where it's like, oh, you, you know,
you are about to fall off a cliff or like, uh, you know,
like the storm is coming and you're out in the middle of nowhere and you're
like, I'm about to get worked. You know,
like typically when I feel that kind of major anxiety,
it's like for a real reason. And, um, I mean, it is interesting. Yeah. I mean,
it is, it is appropriate that way. It's like, it's like,
it's like the correct outlet for that kind of stress.
It really does completely make sense as to,
and also most of the guys that I've met that do what you do.
And I don't know if they met anybody that does exactly what you do, but yeah,
guys that climb a lot. They're pretty chill. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a pretty well, dude.
I think part of that is because you get worked by nature so often that then when
you're in sort of normal life, everything feels pretty relaxed.
Cause you're kind of like, oh, I'm physically comfortable. I'm fed,
I'm hydrated. I'm like, you know, my body is fine.
I'm not about to just get hammered by them by nature, you know?
Yeah. That's my philosophy about really difficult exercise.
It's really important because it makes other things seem easy.
And the stress of regular,
I think we have just like a standard base level of stress.
And when you artificially impose a higher base level electively,
like whether it's through climbing or other kinds of exercise,
whatever you're doing, it makes the rest of life seem easier to see me.
Yeah, dude, I had, uh,
earlier this year there was a winter storm warning for Vegas.
It does snow in Vegas, sometimes in the mountains, especially like get gets.
Now there's a winter storm warning for this like storm coming through and I'd
climbed like 20 days in a row basically or something.
And I wanted to use the storm day to try to hike this one section of the
traverse. And I'm trying to do of all these peaks.
I figured I would like take advantage of a non climbing day to do the one
walking section to like figure out where the route goes.
And so I went out in this crazy storm and when I started,
it was like snowing a little and I was like, ah,
and crazy when it's really cold.
And I was trying out these new like waterproof layers just to see how actually I
wanted to try them out before the jungle to see if they'd be good jungle layers.
And um, and so I go up into the mountain anyway, long story short,
I get completely worked. It turns out visibility's nothing.
I didn't know where I was going.
I get lost in the mountains and it wound up being basically too difficult to
train, to travel through, uh, in the snow, like, uh,
because I'd sort of taken it for granted, but in red rock, on those mountains,
you, you walk on these like exposed sandstone slabs all the time,
but when you cover them in like six inches of snow,
it's like really kind of horrifying.
You can't just like walk up the slabs anymore.
It's like now a total tobogganing death drop where you're going to like slide,
you know? So I was like, anyway, so I go up quite a ways.
Eventually I just had to give up and like turn around, but I'm now, you know,
2,500 feet, like up this mountain side.
And then I turned around and then it all is way more socked in.
I couldn't even see my tracks anymore.
Cause everything's like filled in and visibility is nothing. And so I,
it like a Garmin watch on.
So I kept like looking at the little track on my watch being like,
am I to the left or the right of the track that I came up, you know,
like full mountains, mountainside keep falling down and you know,
there's like you were falling. Yeah.
But like sliding over things or tripping on,
Roxy's really steep hillside with like, and you're stepping through, you know,
say six or eight inches of fresh powder,
but underneath it's still like loose rocks and cactuses and things like that.
So it's like, you know, the terrain is not like a snow base or something. Right.
Like you're just stepping through it and falling over anyway.
So I fell into cactuses a bunch of times.
And so the thing is I was totally hypothermic, completely wet, totally worked.
And my hand had all these gag distortions in it and my other hand was too numb
to like manipulate anything.
So I wanted like biting the biggest thorns out and then just left the rest of
them. Cause it's just, I was just,
I just couldn't use my hands and just keep staggering down the mountain. Anyway.
Eventually I like made it back to the car, made it back to the house.
And then I had my wife, all the thorns out. Cause I like,
I couldn't really use my hands. I was so worked, but I was kinda like,
but that was like my rest day adventure. You know what I mean? I mean,
it turned out being, it turned out being way more. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
I was hoping that it was going to go better than that and it didn't really work
out, but that is kind of the point that when you take on that elective low,
you know, I was like, I had a goal that I wanted to piece together.
The section of a hike didn't work out that way. I wound up, you know,
building a bunch of character instead, but you know, you're just like,
that's just a normal day out. You know?
It's like when you're adventuring in the mountains, sometimes,
sometimes there's winter storm advisory has actually happened. You know,
it's just easy living in the desert. You're like, it'll be fine. It'll be fine.
And then you're like, no, it was not fine. It was totally Krug.
That's pretty crazy in that. That does speak to what we're saying.
Like if you're doing.
Yeah. And that's just like a normal day, you know,
like that's not even like the crazy like, oh, I thought I was going to die.
I was just like, oh, it was just deeply uncomfortable.
And like sort of on edge for a while.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs all for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.